Carroll was convicted in 2004
for the murders
of 14 young women.
We need you in Virginia. Ryan.
I'm not an agent anymore.
You caught Carroll. No one
knows him like you do.
So what's my sequel about. Joe?
We're gonna
write this together. Ryan...
Ohh!
Even though you
slept with my wife.
I have so many surprises
waiting for you.
Agent Parker's taken the lead.
Cults. my specialty.
We know about the cult.
Gay neighbors. the nanny.
how do they figure
into your new plot?
Why is my dad such a bad man?
Maybe he's not so bad.
I need the phone.
Where is it?
They were able to find a
signal in upstate New York.
Dutchess County.
- We're gonna find Joey.
- I know you will.
Hey. guys.
This is Megan.
I thought you were
gonna deal with this.
Paul's the one
that brought her here.
Jacob's never killed anyone.
I think you should
do it. Jacob.
since you never have.
Get out of here. Go!
She's getting away!
Unh!
Aah!
We both love him. Paul.
Emma?
I'm sorry.
We're not giving up on you.
You okay?
- Where are you going?
- Bathroom.
Are you freaking out?
No. I'm fine.
I just have to pee.
Jacob's freaking out. isn't he?
Well. he wasn't last night.
That was fun.
Off the charts.
I'm hungry.
You hungry?
Starved.
Hmm.
All right.
Hello?
Mom?
Joey?
Honey. where are you?
I want to go home.
Why can't I come home?
Um. well. just tell me
where you are. honey.
and I'll come get you.
Somewhere in the country.
Why'd you make Denise
bring me here?
Where? Where. honey. where
in the country are you?
I don't know.
It's...
a big house. like a farm.
Keep him talking.
What-- what color
is the house. Joey?
It's white with black shutters.
and it's really big
with an upstairs.
and it's far from the street.
and they won't let
me leave the yard.
Wha-- is Denise still with
you right now. honey?
Yeah. and Paul and Jacob.
I don't really like Paul.
Why? Why. baby?
Did he hurt you?
No. but he's mean.
Do they know you're
talking to me right now?
No way.
They'd kill me
if they knew I was
on the phone.
Well. you don't
have to worry. okay.
because I'm gonna come get you.
Okay. Tell Denise to
bring me home. okay?
- What the hell are you doing?
- Aah! Aah!
Joey? Joey?
Joey! Joey!
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Mike. what do you got?
Cell phone Joey used
was scrambled
with an algorithm
just like Maggie Schuller's.
You worked past it.
Not exactly.
Joey hung up.
the phone momentarily
switched to wi-fi.
which pinged a signal in
Baton Rouge. Louisiana.
I thought you said
Dutchess County.
It was. Opening the files
triggered a virus.
I can't be sure
of anything anymore.
Hey. Isn't that
Joe Carroll's attorney?
I thought he
represented himself.
Yeah. at trial. Olivia
Warren handled his appeals.
What the hell
is she doing here now?
Oh. no. We got to shut
this down. send her away.
There's no reason she needs
to meet with Joe today.
We can't do that.
and you know it.
He has a right to speak
to his attorney.
He knows we're close
to finding Joey.
and he's planning something.
We have got to get
to Dutchess County now.
Not until we confirm
the location.
It's gonna take me
a couple hours
to work through this mess.
Hurry.
Just whatever you
have to do. Mike.
just hurry.
Why can't I go home?
Mom said she was
gonna come get me.
Honey. I told you
your mom's worried that
you might be in danger.
But she acted like she didn't
even know where I was.
She was scared on the phone
and asking questions.
There are things
you don't know.
Like what?
I know about my dad.
I know he's a bad man.
What if I told you that
your dad wasn't a bad man?
Then why was he in prison.
and why are the police
looking for him?
It's complicated. Joey.
and really hard to understand.
but the police are the bad men.
Policemen are good.
Not always.
They're lying about your dad.
That's why your mom
sent us here.
to hide from them. to make
sure nothing happens to you.
Hey. Hey! Cupcake.
Can you wake up?
Wake up.
It's not bad.
Please.
I want to go home.
You're not going home. Megan.
Never again.
I think we established that.
A little acceptance
at this point
might go a long way.
It won't be long now.
I promise.
Hey. Where's Emma?
She's upstairs talking to Joey.
Well. that was an untraceable
satellite phone.
so we're safe.
What if he told his mom
where we are?
No. He has no idea
where he is.
I've been thinking
about Little Megan.
I don't think you should
go with the big blade.
It is your first time.
and it's likely for
your stabs to be...
tentative. all right?
I think it's better for you
to do with something
thin and sharp like this.
It has more impact.
All right?
You can do this.
I know you can.
What's your problem?
I'm not gay. all right?
Last night was great.
No. it wasn't.
You could have fooled me.
Look.
I can't be what you
want me to be. Paul.
I can't.
It's just not who I am.
Why do you always have to
label everything?
Last night was exactly
what it was supposed to be.
For the first time. you. me. and
Emma were really together--
no lies. no secrets.
It felt right.
There's only one thing
missing now.
Will you just do it for me?
No more lies. Jacob.
This is about trust now.
Emma and I believe in you.
You can do this.
Olivia.
Come on in.
Oh. please do sit down.
Why am I here?
I require legal counsel.
My first thought was of you.
There's nothing I can do for you.
Mr. Carroll. legally or otherwise.
Now we both know...
that isn't true.
You owe me a few favors.
I'm sorry we lost the appeal.
Then file another one.
I think it's time you considered
another firm. Mr. Carroll.
perhaps the ACLU.
You garnered a great
deal of attention
while representing me.
It's helped your career.
I want you. Olivia.
There's nothing more
for us to gain. Mr. Carroll.
I am sorry.
Good-bye and good luck.
Ryan Hardy has more than
surprised with his. uh--
his get-up and go.
so I need to move things
along slightly faster
than I had originally planned.
I don't follow.
I need to know everything
that's happening
behind that door.
Both in the media
and within the FBI.
you still have
your contacts. hmm?
Yes?
- Yes.
- Good.
Then let's get started.
You are about to have
a very busy day. Olivia.
Good morning.
My name is Olivia Warren.
I have been retained
to represent Joe Carroll.
What's going on?
Joe Carroll press conference.
I told you he was
up to something.
In light of the recent
speculation
about an alleged
cult following of Mr. Carroll.
he has asked me to read
the following statement.
"He had come like
a thief in the night.
And one by one dropped
the revelers
in the blood-bedewed halls
of their revel.
and died each in the despairing
posture of his fall."
It's Poe.
"The Mask
Of The Red Death."
"And the life
of the ebony clock went out
with that
of the last of the gay.
And the flames
of the tripods expired.
And Darkness and Decay
and the Red Death held
illimitable dominion over all."
Hello?
It's time.
That concludes
Mr. Carroll's statement.
Thank you for coming.
A Poe story.
"The Mask Of The Red Death."
A mysterious stranger
moving from room to room
killing people like a plague.
Carroll's behind bars.
A cult needs to hear
from its leader.
A directive couched in poetic
verse makes it special.
Yeah. It's
an encoded message.
He's triggering someone.
I'm narrowing down a location.
You got it right
the first time.
It's Dutchess County.
They're scrambling
you with this virus.
We got to move.
I've got a helicopter to
take you to nearest landing strip.
Local PD will assist you. and the
Albany Field Office is on standby.
You will stay in contact
with me at all times.
You understand?
Agent Weston. that was
for your benefit.
Yes. ma'am.
Sign here.
Do you solemnly swear
to uphold the constitution...
- et cetera. et cetera?
- I do.
Good. You're deputized.
How are you gonna find him if
you don't have a specific location?
We know the county.
we've got a description
of the house.
we're gonna use local cops.
go door to door if necessary.
I want to go with you.
It's better that you stay here
in case Joey tries
to contact you again.
Chopper's ready.
We need to go.
I know the way
I left things with us
all those years ago.
I wasn't fair to you.
- Ryan. it's okay.
- There's so much
that I want to say to you.
and I know now isn't the time.
I just really need
to bring Joey home.
and then I want us to talk.
Please be careful.
Maybe Jacob's right.
It's time to call Roderick.
I already called Roderick.
left a message.
- He'll tell us what to do.
- What's up with the kid?
I handled it like I always do.
With a hug? That kid
needs a smacking.
Don't even think about it.
He's a kid.
He wants his mother.
He's not dumb.
I mean. he's gonna know we're
lying to him eventually.
Joey's fine.
How's Jacob?
He's still down there.
I'm giving him some time
and a little space.
Are you in charge?
I'm Olivia Warren.
I represent--
I know who you are.
Miss Warren.
I need to speak
to Claire Matthews. alone.
What do you want?
You'll be very interested in what
I have to say. Miss Matthews.
I saw your press conference.
What was that about?
That's not why I'm here.
but Joe did ask me
to deliver a message.
If you want to see Joey.
be at the corner
of Broad and 26th Street
at 3 PM this afternoon.
Come alone and tell no one.
I don't understand.
The FBI said--
Whatever the FBI
has told you is incorrect.
According to your
ex-husband.
the only way you will see your son
is if you follow these instructions.
It's your decision.
The county is 825
square miles in total.
but we believe
Joey Matthews' call
came from this cluster here.
Those cell towers serve
nearly half the county.
We're gonna need your help
to narrow the field.
We're looking for a two-story white
farmhouse set back from the road.
Look. I can double-check. but
that's about 150 properties.
Rough terrain. fifty miles of
raw farmland.
You okay?
You can't do it. can you?
Jacob!
Jacob. wait!
Joey. I have lunch!
Joey?
Joey!
Hey. Where are you?
Joey--
Joey?
Try and stop beating
yourself up. all right?
Will you just stop it?
What-- what? I'm just
trying to be a friend.
Really? With all this
touchy-feely crap?
Joey's gone!
He's not in there.
You were supposed
to talk to him.
I did! He's scared.
I'm gonna check the woods. There's a trail
over there. Maybe he went that way.
Okay. Let's split up.
We'll cover more ground.
You all right?
Yeah. Me. too.
Bye-bye.
Um. I'm gonna go out
for a little while.
Excuse me?
I've been cooped up
in this house for days.
I just want to meet
a friend for lunch.
I don't think that's
a good idea.
Well. regardless. I'm going.
You can't keep me trapped here.
I'll have to insist
we accompany you.
Whatever you have to do.
Turner?
Yeah. Joe Carroll's
lawyer just showed up
to see Mrs. Matthews.
I don't know what
they said each other.
but now Mrs. Matthews
wants to leave.
Says she's going to lunch.
Well. go with her. Don't
let her out of your sight.
I'm on it.
Is it true
Joe Carroll has a cult
of serial killers?
We don't know the extent.
but yeah.
Chief. you recognize this guy?
Maybe. Ava. the missing
girl case in Rhinebeck.
- could that be the guy?
- I'll pull up the footage.
Local girl named Megan
Leeds went missing
after her shift
at a grocery store.
We've got surveillance
footage from that night.
Last time anyone saw her.
she was with this guy.
It's hard to see a face.
May I?
I just want to route this
through the FBI server.
- Advanced technology.
- Heh. I bet.
Hardy.
Paul Torres.
Okay.
There's about 20 farms
matching the description
within a 25-mile
radius of the store.
most of them to the north.
We should start there.
That sounds like a plan.
Yeah. You and Weston
start there.
I'm gonna take Officer
Lopez. hit the south.
cover more ground.
Hon.
This little man needs
to borrow the phone
to call his mom.
Are you Joey Matthews?
Yeah. How do you
know that?
You were on the television.
The police are looking for you.
They want to hurt me.
Hurt you? The police?
Who would tell you
such a thing?
Joey!
Joey! You scared me!
I was so worried about you.
Come on.
Let's go home.
I'm sorry.
And you are?
Denise.
I'm Joey's nanny.
I'm glad you found him.
It's so easy to get
lost in these woods.
The boy wanted
to call his mother.
We were gonna let him
use our phone.
That's not necessary. We have a
phone back at the farmhouse.
You can call your mom
from there.
- I can?
- Of course. silly.
Sorry to bother you.
They said they saw me on TV.
You shouldn't have
run off like that.
I was worried sick.
You said I could call my mom.
- Did you mean it?
- Sure.
You can call her
whenever you want.
You found him.
Where were you. squirt?
Huh? You had us worried.
I didn't find him.
Some friendly neighbors
back there did.
They told Joey
they saw him on TV.
They did. huh?
Shoot. I forgot to thank
them for helping out.
Do you mind?
Yeah. sure.
I'm great at thank-yous.
Come on.
Let's go. man.
It was that boy from the news.
Tell them to hurry. Clark.
I wouldn't do that.
We've covered about
40 square miles of the county.
Looks like
4 more farms in the area.
Officer Lopez.
this is dispatch.
This is Lopez.
Go ahead.
Just got a call from that
Sullivan house on route 9.
They saw that boy
everyone's looking for.
How fast can you get there?
It's a couple miles
up the road.
Dispatch. we're en route now.
Aaah! Waap! Plap!
Can I dial?
Eager beaver!
You want to call her now?
You said I could.
I'll get the phone.
You're not going
anywhere. right?
I promise.
Jacob?
Paul?
Who are you?
Roderick sent me.
We need to go now.
Sorry. Hi.
Thank you so much
for meeting me.
Of course.
I've been so worried about you.
Oh. yeah. Just
ignore the FBI men.
They insisted.
Oh.
Everyone should have
an entourage.
It's so good to see you.
I called. and I left
some messages.
I know. It's just been
such a nightmare.
Um. let's--
I'm gonna order. Let's order.
Okay.
Anybody here?
Not sure. They're not
answering their phone.
Police Department!
I'm gonna check the back.
Clark. Nora?
Anyone home?
Oh. my God.
Call it in.
Hey. It's okay.
Dispatch.
this is Officer Lopez.
Dispatch. go ahead.
They were just here.
- We have a 1055.
- Follow me.
At the Sullivan house.
They're on foot.
How close is the next farm?
About half a mile
through those woods.
That's it.
White house. black shutters.
You sure?
We're at the farmhouse
about a half-mile west
of the Sullivan house.
pursuing suspects.
That's them.
Hey. Where are you?
About a half a mile
west of the house
where we found the dead couple.
I've IDed Jacob Wells.
Paul Torres.
We're gonna need
some backup here.
All right.
Consider it done.
Hey. Wait for it.
Gonna get closer. stabilize.
You notify me when you're here.
Hey. You up for this?
Yeah.
All right. We're gonna get
closer to the house here.
try to get a better look. okay?
Okay.
Emma. whose car
is that out there?
Jacob. Paul. this is Hank.
Roderick sent him.
We need to get
out of here. guys.
You have 10 minutes.
Pack light.
Don't have a lot of room.
So Roderick came through.
- Where's Joey?
- In his bedroom.
Let's get packed up.
I'll get him last.
Do these 3 have any connection to
Dutchess County. New York?
Any family?
Agent Parker.
I just heard from Agent Weston.
They found the farmhouse.
I want every available
agent. SWAT and Tactical.
Alert ATF. set up mobile
command at the area.
Notify Air Transport.
then call the Albany
and New Haven field offices
and pull men from Poughkeepsie.
- Tell them I'm on my way.
- Got it.
I'm so happy we did this.
Me. too.
It's really good
to get out of the house.
Um. why don't you order
me a double espresso?
I'm-- I'm gonna be
right back.
Just going to
the little girls' room.
No. I'll go.
I'm gonna go around back
and see what I can see.
I'll get to the barn.
I'll have a better sight line
just in front of the house.
I'll meet you there.
Eyes up.
It's me.
Do you have the mother?
She's late.
Give her more time. I'll call
you as soon as I'm on the road.
Mr. Hardy?
Stop.
Put your hands where
I can see them.
Is-- is something
wrong. Officer?
Who are you?
Wait. What's going
on. Officer?
Hey. I said
put your hands up.
Yeah. Look.
Don't come any closer!
I'm sorry. Off--
I'm just a little
nervous with that
gun in my face
and everything.
so if you--
- Stop it!
- Okay.
I-- look. I am sorry.
Officer. I--
- Just keep your hands up!
- Okay.
I need you to keep
your hands up!
Unh!
Don't move!
Did you guys hear that?
Where'd he go?
Hank?
Oh. man.
This is not good.
Can't be far.
Look around.
We'll find him.
I'm good.
No. no. Listen to me.
I need you to stay
on the ground.
All available units.
officer down. officer down.
farmhouse just west of Route 9.
We need to knock them
off one by one.
That's our best option.
No. no. no. no.
Wait. wait.
Listen to me.
I need you to take this.
I need you to hold
it right here. okay?
Right there.
Help is on the way. okay?
Help is coming.
Just. just hold on.
Hold on. hold on.
Ryan?
Hey. Ryan.
It's too late.
He's gone.
Damn it.
All right. Hang tight.
We're a few minutes out.
I'm going in.
Hey!
Open the door!
Let me out!
You asked for an update.
Mm-hmm.
The FBI has located
the farmhouse
where they're holding your son.
- Do they have him?
- No. not yet.
I've also delivered
you message to the press.
And? How did it go?
Besides my appearing
like a raving madwoman.
it was heard by everyone.
Both local and national
news picked it up.
So my story has caused
quite the sensation.
The FBI has done a good job
at minimizing the details.
but. yes. the press
has been considerable.
And Claire?
I delivered the message
to her. as well.
I haven't heard anything.
Well. when you do. I'll
need another update.
You have been
very helpful today.
Thank you.
What have I done. Joe?
The poem I read.
I triggered something.
You sent a message to someone.
What am I part of?
I'm surprised at you. Olivia.
I chose you precisely for your
ambition and lack of conscience.
I won't be your messenger.
Well. the messenger is someone
preferable to that of recipient.
I'm sure you'd agree.
You must be Hank Flynn.
Please. Come in.
Thank you for seeing
me after hours.
Of course. What can
I do for you?
Joe Carroll asked
me to see you.
Excuse me?
About what?
He wanted me to give
you a message.
Please.
Do not bring me
into this any further.
We're just getting started.
I have so much more
work for you to do.
Did you bring pen and paper?
You're gonna need to
write this down.
Snap. snap. Miss Warren.
Hmm.
Get in.
And go where?
If you want to see Joey.
get in now.
I won't say it again.
Damn it!
He's dead.
Local cop.
Think he's alone?
Megan.
Shh. shh. shh. shh.
I'm Ryan Hardy with the FBI.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
but I need you
to be quiet. okay?
How many of them up there?
I've seen 3.
They're gonna kill me.
They're crazy.
You have to get me
out of here right now.
Shh. shh. shh. shh.
Is there a boy upstairs?
I don't know!
Get me out of here!
I will be right back.
I promise you.
Hey. Joey. Remember me?
I'm a friend of your mom's.
She sent me to come
take you home.
Do not move.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com